- [Instructor] Query parameters are another object
that can be reused in API definition files.
If we take a look at our API definition,
we'll see, within our product endpoint,
that we have the paging parameters
that we established for the get operation.
These parameters could easily be reused
for other endpoints that require paging.
So let's go ahead and copy these,
because we're going to move them
within the component section to make them reusable.
To do that, we simply add the parameters object
to the component section,
and then we need to provide a name
for each of the parameters that we want to define.
So, in this case, I'm going to
supply a parameter named pageNumber,
and then we're going to grab the YAML
that defines these parameters and paste it in,
and then we simply adjust the indentation
to conform to YAML standards.
And then we'll need to build out our second parameter,
which is going to be the pageSize,
and here we'll, once again, need to do some indentation.
And once that's in place,
we'll have a valid API definition.
And we can now take our two parameters
and put them within the get operation
for our product endpoint.
So to do that, we need to structure our definition
a little bit differently.
So instead of explicitly defining these parameters here,
we're going to remove the definition,
and then we're going to add an array of references.
And, in this case, we're going to point to the page number,
and then we're going to add another reference,
within that array, to our page size component.
Okay, now if we take a look at our product endpoint
in the get operation,
we can see the pageNumber and pageSize parameters,
which are supplied by the parameters
defined in our component section.